I need to undetsand how things are
They seem pretty easy
Alea iacta est ("The die is cast") is a Latin phrase attributed by Suetonius

(as iacta alea est) to Julius Caesar on January 10, 49 BC

as he led his army across the Rubicon river in Northern Italy. With this step,

he entered Italy at the head of his army in defiance of the Senate and began

his long civil war against Pompey and the Optimates. The phrase has been

adopted in Italian (Il dado è tratto), Romanian (Zarurile au fost aruncate),

Spanish (La suerte está echada), French (Les dés sont jetés), Portuguese (A

sorte está lançada), Dutch (De teerling is geworpen),

German (Der Würfel ist gefallen), Hungarian (A kocka el van vetve) and many other languages to

indicate that events have passed a point of no return.
The buddy system is a procedure in which two individuals, the "buddies", operate together as a single unit so that they are able to monitor and help each other.[1] As per Merriam-Webster, the first known use of the phrase "buddy system" goes as far back as 1942. Webster goes on to define the buddy system as "an arrangement in which two individuals are paired (as for mutual safety in a hazardous situation).”[2][3] The buddy system is basically working together in pairs in a large group or alone. Both the individuals have to do the job. The job could be to ensure that the work is finished safely or the skill/learning is transferred effectively from one individual to the other.
A buddy system in a school is where a child gets paired with another child, usually one that is older and of higher abilities. A buddy system helps to promote friendship, better support of coursework, behavioral and social needs, and can foster a greater sense of belonging and a more inclusive school community.[7] Students create friendships that enable both older and younger "buddies" to bond more closely with their school, increasing the likelihood of more positive school behavior and positive response towards learning for all students.[7] The buddy system helps students starting at a new school have a welcoming experience from the very beginning. The older children learn to take on responsibility, while the younger children know that they have a fellow student they can confidently turn to for support.[8] Buddy systems in schools can have numerous benefits such as promoting an inclusive environment for all,[7] better acceptance of differences, promoting better self-control, expansion of communicative interaction with peers,[9] decrease in behavioral problems,[10] and even personal maturation or growth in career aspirations.[8] The buddy system positively affects the culture of the school and it greatly affects the troubled student as well as the older buddy. The students learn and share from their peers and learn collaboratively. The students actively participate with each other and enjoy the informal setting and feel comfortable discussing with peers rather than a teacher. The opportunity for active participation, clearing doubts and discussions help students to continue with studies or activities with joy and creates a depth in the subject matter.[citation needed] The buddy system helps to increase self-confidence for all involved in the system and in the process helps build trust and co-operation within individuals. It benefits the buddies, buddy learner, school/university and the parents as well. The buddies involved also learn leadership skills and in turn can take up the role of buddy leader.[7] The buddy system helps in reducing the stress level of the learner. It reduces the levels of anxiety experienced by the students who struggle to engage with course material or with the school/university in general.[citation needed] "When there's a companion available, the physiological measure of stress—cortisol levels in the blood—can be alleviated somewhat", explains Jim Winslow, PhD, a specialist in behavioral neuroscience and pharmacology and head of the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Intramural Research Program, Non-Human Primate Core.[11] Teachers at progressive schools collaborate to improve their students' learning—and their own.[12] It gives independence to all students, and increases self-esteem and peer acceptance. Children become protectors of each other. Christine Hogan states that the buddy system approach is highly appropriate for organizational behavior studies adding to the students' range of learning strategies. The technique not only works with peers of the same nation but has also proved to be of particular importance to foreign students.[13]
